
**********
This directory contains fake Emission line spectra.  The Excel
spreadsheet in ../fakedata_properties.xlsx shows all the properties of
these spectra.

Importantly, the "final" spectra to actually be used (i.e., 3-column
wavelength, flux, error) are the fakeBLcomp*_werr.dat spectra.  A quick
look plot of these 6 spectra and error spectra are in finspec_wnoiserr.eps

Everything else in this directory was used to make these spectra:
*adderrspec.sm - creates and adds error spectrum to fake data in
fakeBLcomp*_deg.dat

*fakeBL4civline.dat - "actual" CIV line fit (to Mrk509 from my
SDSSvMODSCIVmasses/ directory of RM sample CIV spectra).  I created it
using the files in the Tempfiles4fake4/ subdirectory: (1) taking the
original fit, reading it into a fits format so that I could resample the
dispersion scale to the same linear dispersion as lam4 of the fake data,
(2) write it back out to ascii format (3) "pretend" redshift it to 0.35
and match it up with the wavelength scale for this fake spectrum, and
(4) fill in the rest of the ends of the spectrum with essentially
zeros.  This file was then read into plotgauss.sm and used to add to the
rest of the fake lines added to make the final "4th" fake spectrum.

*fakeBLcomp#.dat - "perfect" version of fake data that was created with
plotgauss.sm for all 6 spectra.  These can be viewed with
perfectspec.eps.

*fakeBLcomp*_deg.dat - S/N degraded versions of fakeBLcomp#.dat.  I used
my program snr_deg.f to add Gaussian noise to degrade the S/N.  Since
there is no underlying continuum emission on these spectra though, the
range I used to determine the initial S/N was generally chosen near or
across the peak of an emission line and so it arbitrary and
meaningless.  I then just degraded it a random amount to look generally
"typical" of varying amounts of noise.  Actual S/N values should not be
taken to mean anything or to be relatively comparative to other fake
data.

*fakeBLcomp*_werr.dat - These are the final spectra to be used to fit
with SPAMM.  The first 2 columns are the same as fakeBLcomp*_deg.dat,
but they now have an error spectrum in the third column added with
adderrspec.sm.  This process is described in the 00README_errspec_create
readme file.  Final spectra and error spectra can been visualized in
finspec_wnoiserr.eps. 

*finspec_wnoiserr.eps - plot of finally created emission line fake
spectra to be fitted with SPAMM.

*fracerrspec_dsp*.dat(.fits) - SDSS fractional error spectrum that has
been converted to the different linear dispersion scales of the 6 fake
data wavelength arrays.  The ascii versions of these were read into
adderrspec.sm and used to make the fake error spectra added to each fake
data spectrum.  See 00README_errspec_create for more details.

*logfile - from pyraf

*lw.in.param - from using my lintwidth3 program to measure the width of
the perfect version of the CIV line in the 4th fake spectrum because
this is really a Gauss-Hermite best fit to an actual CIV line (2
component fit) and so doesn't have a theoretically calculatable width.

*perfectspec.eps - plot of all initial fake data spectra before adding
noise.

*plotgauss.sm - SM macro used to create all fake emission line spectra
with properties that are given in the ../fakedata_properties.xlsx
spreadsheet and shown in perfectspec.eps.

sdss_frac_errorspec.dat(.fits) the original SDSS fractional error
spectrum made by dividing the original error spectrum of SDSS 0254 by
the signal spectrum.  This was used as input in pyraf dispcor to make
all the fracerrspec_dsp*.fits spectra for the fake data.


-K Denney 2013-Nov-1
**********